The pages where GA is not happy are those with many sub-frames.
GA will run for each of the sub-frames.  I fear the problems come because
they all share the same run context, 'window'.
If GA initialises multiple times in the same window, this may be causing
problems such as the log file being declared as empty again.  The behaviour
will be undeterministic because sub-frames may load in different orders
and at different speeds each time.
Possible solutions might be:
  1) Separate/encapsulate each instance of GM within the window.  Rather that
  making references to 'window' or 'this' they should refer to 'document'?
  Hmm that won't hide the GM API fns declared in the top-level context, which
  is window I believe.  If we do perform closure to keep things tidily
  separate, we will need to inject our userscripts *inside* the closure
  somehow!
    OR
  2) Have GrimeApe core load once only, in toplevel window, and have all
  subframes work off the core, in sychronised fashion.  (They will need to wait
  for core to load!)



Make the monkey smile always?  Only make his surprised face, if one of the
scripts threw an error?  Still the loading image was interesting, but a little
unhappy.



OK now GrimeApe works through a proxy, let's try making it work as a web-server.  ^^



DONE: respect @include and @exclude rules

DONE: GM_registerMenuCommand

BUG: If we install a userscript in one window, that window's GrimeApeConfig
gets updated, and it is sent to the server.  But if another tab then changes
the config, by doing anything simple, this tab's config will overwrite the one
with the newly installed script.  The install will be lost.  The same goes for
enabling/disabling scripts.

It is possible to fix this in theory.  One heavy method: re-focused tabs could
check with the proxy, that GA config has not been changed elsewhere, before
allowing the user to make (or commit) a change.  If it has changed, they can
reload.

A smarter method, although distant from our current setup:
The GA config GUI in the browser should only send requests for small config
changes to the proxy.
The proxy will accept the request and update just that part of the config the
user wanted to change.  On page reload or change, true sync with config will
occur.



Konqueror seems to have a couple of niggles.
I tried to do synchronous AJAX throughout, just to see how it would go.
I think Konqueror might be happier if we made them asynchronous.
Especially when user has clicked.  If Konq takes a long time to finish running
the JS, mouse will often end up 'dragging' whatever was clicked on.  :f
Fiddle with JS to fix this.

Another issue is page-never-stops-loading-spinner, although there are no open
sockets to the server.  This might be bad AJAX again, or something else.
This used to be caused by the proxy failing to deliver, which is less frequent
now.

Ohh I think the cause for that might have been Reclaim_CPU doing cleanup before
the page had really stopped loading.  (There were Userscripts after it that
locked the browser up so that Reclaim_CPU saw no mouse movements, and thought
the page had gone idle before the scripts had even finished loading!  It really
needs to run last, or at least get its 'start date' last.)

