I think we formed F0X so we could all have a go at playing fun wars, and that is still an important goal for us.

But I suggested forming an A-Team for ClanBase, because the competition is so tough!   I wanted F0X to present its best players, not least to make it more fun for our opponents!  It was an emergency idea because F0X was so new, we were not really ready to fight our best!

Well in the end, we tried something different: we split into different teams for different matches/maps, so we spread the training efforts out over more players, and more people got to play.  :)

I hope once this ClanBase OC is over, we can play some slightly gentler wars against some noobier clans, so all our members can play.

So do we really need to split into teams?

Well, the other reason for having a set of top players, is to give the others incentive to improve.  It doesn't seem fair for a player who practices really hard every day, to have to go to war beside a new F0X member who hasn't been practicing much.

So, the idea of having an elite F0X squad, is so that we can present our strongest team for our scariest wars.  That squad is for the best players in the team, who are also available and active at that point in time.  But, I don't think the squad should stay fixed all the time.  When someone goes on holiday, or becomes busy, or just wants to take a break, they might leave the top squad, or if someone practices a lot and improves their skill/teamplay, then they could get a place in the top squad.

I think that at different times, some F0Xes will be more active than others.  That's why it's good that we have a lot of us, so at least we will always have enough to build one team!

Another advantage with splitting into teams (regardless of the skill distribution) is that it will give players the opportunity to train as part of a fixed team.  Then, if Team B ever managed to start beating Team A, they would swap names!  ;)

But anyway, it would help to know why you think we should (or shouldn't) split into teams...

Is it because you want to train really hard and don't then want to war with noobs on your team?  Is it because you want F0X to win its toughest wars, even if it means that you don't play them?

Are you worried if we split into squads, you will not get into the top team, and hence never play F0X wars?  Becuase IMHO, we should definitely arrange wars for both squads.  :)  But the F0X reputation for pwnership would be the responsibility of top squad.

If we split, do you think we should spread the skill evenly over the two teams?  Or do you think it's better to put our best players into a top-team?

Yes Tommo, it's not trivial to work out which 5-7 players should form the top squad, but ideally we should all be able to agree who our best players are, and if anyone disagrees, they should be given the chance to prove it!  We could even start a 1v1 F0X ladder to help with the assessment!

Maybe it should be the most experienced + skilled clan member who makes the final decisions.  But until you depose me, I'm happy to make decisions after hearing each of your views.
